Add a note telling how to bypass the recursion limit of the html! macro. (#94)
yewstack/docs: src/concepts/html/README.md

1. The `html!` macro only accepts one root html node \(you can counteract this by [using fragments or iterators](lists.md)\)
2. An empty `html! {}` invocation is valid and will not render anything
3. Literals must always be quoted and wrapped in braces: `html! { "Hello, World" }`

> 4. The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encouter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="100000"]` to bypass the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.

Reviewer: I think this would be better off not being in this list. 
```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encouter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="100000"]` to bypass the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.
{% endhint %}
```

1. The `html!` macro only accepts one root html node \(you can counteract this by [using fragments or iterators](lists.md)\)
2. An empty `html! {}` invocation is valid and will not render anything
3. Literals must always be quoted and wrapped in braces: `html! { "Hello, World" }`
{% hint style="info" %}

> The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encouter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="100000"]` to bypass the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encouter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="1024"]` to bypass the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.
```
